[3.0][docs] add tutorial for mysql to starrocks pipeline. (#2841)
ververica/flink-cdc-connectors: docs/content/quickstart/mysql-starrocks-pipeline-tutorial.md

> # Streaming ELT from MySQL to Starrocks using Flink CDC 3.0

Reviewer: `StarRocks` is preferred. Please help to replace all `Starrocks` to `StarRocks` in the doc. Thanks.

   docker-compose exec mysql mysql -uroot -p123456
   ```

2. create `app_db` database and `orders`,`products`,`shipments` tables, then insert records

    ```sql
    -- create database
    CREATE DATABASE app_db;
   
    USE app_db;
   
   -- create orders table
   CREATE TABLE `orders` (
   `id` INT NOT NULL,
   `price` DECIMAL(10,2) NOT NULL,
   PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
   );
   
   -- insert records
   INSERT INTO `orders` (`id`, `price`) VALUES (1, 4.00);
   INSERT INTO `orders` (`id`, `price`) VALUES (2, 100.00);
   
   -- create shipments table
   CREATE TABLE `shipments` (
   `id` INT NOT NULL,
   `city` VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
   PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
   );
   
   -- insert records
   INSERT INTO `shipments` (`id`, `city`) VALUES (1, 'beijing');
   INSERT INTO `shipments` (`id`, `city`) VALUES (2, 'xian');
   
   -- create products table
   CREATE TABLE `products` (
   `id` INT NOT NULL,
   `product` VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
   PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
   );
   
   -- insert records
   INSERT INTO `products` (`id`, `product`) VALUES (1, 'Beer');
   INSERT INTO `products` (`id`, `product`) VALUES (2, 'Cap');
   INSERT INTO `products` (`id`, `product`) VALUES (3, 'Peanut');
    ```

> #### Create database in Starrocks

Reviewer: This can be removed because connector can create database automatically.

> `Starrocks` connector currently does not support automatic database creation and needs to first create a database corresponding to the write table.

Reviewer: database creation automatically is supported

![Starrocks-dispaly-data](/_static/fig/mysql-Starrocks-tutorial/starrocks-display-data.png "Starrocks-dispaly-data")

### Synchronize Schema and Data changes
Enter MySQL container

    ```shell
    docker-compose exec mysql mysql -uroot -p123456
    ```

Then, modify schema and record in MySQL, and the tables of Starrocks will change the same in real time：
1. insert one record in `orders` from MySQL:

   ```sql
   INSERT INTO app_db.orders (id, price) VALUES (3, 100.00);
   ```

2. add one column in `orders` from MySQL:

   ```sql
   ALTER TABLE app_db.orders ADD amount varchar(100) NULL;
   ```   

3. update one record in `orders` from MySQL:

   ```sql
   UPDATE app_db.orders SET price=100.00, amount=100.00 WHERE id=1;
   ```
4. delete one record in `orders` from MySQL:

   ```sql
   DELETE FROM app_db.orders WHERE id=2;
   ```

Refresh the Starrocks Web UI every time you execute a step, and you can see that the `orders` table displayed in Starrocks will be updated in real-time, like the following：

![Starrocks-display-result](/_static/fig/mysql-doris-tutorial/starrocks_display_result.png "Starrocks-display-result")

> Similarly, by modifying the 'shipments' and' products' tables, you can also see the results of synchronized changes in real-time in Starrocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, by modifying the 'shipments' and 'products' tables, you can also see the results of synchronized changes in real-time in StarRocks.
```

### Route the changes
Flink CDC provides the configuration to route the table structure/data of the source table to other table names.   
With this ability, we can achieve functions such as table name, database name replacement, and whole database synchronization.
Here is an example file for using `route` feature:
   ```yaml
   ################################################################################
   # Description: Sync MySQL all tables to Starrocks
   ################################################################################
   source:
      type: mysql
      hostname: localhost
      port: 3306
      username: root
      password: 123456
      tables: app_db.\.*
      server-id: 5400-5404
      server-time-zone: UTC

   sink:
      type: Starrocks
      fenodes: 127.0.0.1:8030
      benodes: 127.0.0.1:8040
      username: root
      password: ""
      table.create.properties.light_schema_change: true

>       table.create.properties.replication_num: 1

Reviewer: This is not the configurations for starrocks?
